Added guide on adding a database to the panel. (#127)
pterodactyl/documentation: tutorials/mysql_setup.md

GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON panel.* TO 'pterodactyl'@'127.0.0.1' WITH GRANT OPTION;
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```
:::tip

> The following is to add a database managed by the panel for it's game servers

Reviewer: its not it's

:::
## Adding Database to Pterodactyl Panel
In this guide we assume you have successfully installed the panel using the specified MariaDB as your database and it is on the `0.7.15` version.
## Adding DB user

> First of all you will need to add a user to your database.This is simply done by connecting to your database via ssh and running the following. And entering your database root password, if you haven't set one just hit enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, you will need to add a user to your database. This is simply done by connecting to your database via CLI and running the following commands. You may need to enter a password if you specified one when connecting to the database. To connect to your database, enter:
```

```bash
mysql -u root -p
```
Once you are in the database you need to change the db schema by running
```sql
USE mysql;
```

> To than create a user run.<span style="color:red"> Change`data` and `password` to keep your database safe! </span>

Reviewer: then not than

Reviewer: Whitespace after "Change"

```sql
CREATE USER 'data'@'127.0.0.1' IDENTIFIED BY 'password';
```

> Than add privileges for the user.

Reviewer: then not than

:::danger

> If your database is on a different host than your panel/daemon make sure to use `%` instead of `127.0.0.1` bellow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your database is on a different host than the one where your panel(daemon is installed, make sure to use `%` instead of `127.0.0.1` below
```

:::
```sql
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'data'@'127.0.0.1' WITH GRANT OPTION;
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```
Close your database connection with
```sql
EXIT;
```
You can now close your ssh session.
:::tip

> Note. You might want to open your database to the internet. This is done by setting it's bind address to `0.0.0.0` instead of `127.0.0.1`

Reviewer: its not it's
bind-address

:::
## Adding the DB to the Panel

> Go to `yourpaneldomain/admin/databases` and click `Create New` This will open up a window to add a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to `yourpaneldomain/admin/databases` and click `Create New`. This will open up a window in which you can add a database.
```

> Here you will need to fill it out as follows:

Reviewer: Fill the form, following this example:

- Name - A familiar name to reference the db at a later stage.
- Host - The server this database is hosted on.
- Port - Port of the database server.
- Username - Username of the user we created earlier.
- Password - Password of the user we created earlier.

> - Linked node - Node the database is hosted on(can be left as none)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Linked node - Node the database is hosted on. (Default value can be retained)
```
